[Docs] Add `localization.md` (#5970)
pagefaultgames/pokerogue: docs/localization.md

# Localization 101

PokéRogue's localization team puts immense effort into making the game accessible around the world, supporting over 12 different languages at the time of writing this document. \
As a developer, it's important to help maintain global accessibility by effectively coordinating with the Translation Team on any new features or enhancements.

This document aims to cover everything you need to know to help keep the integration process for localization smooth and simple.

> # Stupid Assumptions

Reviewer: I would argue for removing this entire section, feels very redundant considering the readme/contributing files will be read first

### Requirements for Modifying Translated Text

PRs that modify existing text have different risks with respect to coordination between development and translation, so their requirements are slightly different:
- As above, you set up 2 PRs: one for the feature itself in the main repo, and another for the associated locales changes in the locale repo.
- Now, however, you need to have your main PR be approved by the Dev Team **before** your corresponding locale changes are merged in.
- After your main PR is approved, the Translation Team will merge your locale PR, and you may update the submodule and post video evidence of integration into the **locales PR**.
- A Lead or Senior Translator from the Translation Team will then approve your main PR (if all is well), clearing your feature for merging into `beta`.

## Filming Locales Changes

After making a PR involving any outwards-facing behavior (but _especially_ locales-related ones), it's generally considered good practice to attach a video of those changes working in-game.

Basic procedure:

> <!-- TODO: Update links after contributing.md PR -->

Reviewer 2: ^

1. Update your locales submodule to point to **the branch you used to make the locales PR**. \
   Many IDEs with `git` integration support doing this from the GUI, \
   or you can simply do it via command-line:
   ```bash
   cd public/locales
   git checkout your-branch-name-here
   ```
2. Set some of the [in-game overrides](../README.md#-faq) inside `overrides.ts` to values corresponding to the interactions being tested.
3. Start a local dev server (`npm run start:dev`) and open localhost in your browser.

> 4. Film the locales change being displayed in the recording software of your choice[^2].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Take screenshots showing your changes in-game or record video of the locales changes being displayed using the recording software of your choice[^2].
```

- A Lead or Senior Translator from the Translation Team will then approve your main PR (if all is well), clearing your feature for merging into `beta`.

## Documenting Locales Changes

After making a PR involving any outwards-facing behavior (but _especially_ locales-related ones), it's generally considered good practice to attach proof of those changes working in-game.

The basic procedure is roughly as follows:
1. Update your locales submodule to point to **the branch you used to make the locales PR**. \
   Many IDEs with `git` integration support doing this from the GUI, \
   or you can simply do it via command-line:
   ```bash
   cd public/locales
   git checkout your-branch-name-here
   ```
2. Set some of the [in-game overrides](../CONTRIBUTING.md#1---manual-testing) inside `overrides.ts` to values corresponding to the interactions being tested.
3. Start a local dev server (`pnpm start:dev`) and open localhost in your browser.
4. Take screenshots or record a video of the locales changes being displayed in-game using the software of your choice[^2].

[^2]: For those lacking a screen capture device, [OBS Studio](https://obsproject.com) is a popular open-source option.

> > [!INFO]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
```
